hello everyone, yarik is with you today
I will show you the fashion of it Gelika
mercedes-benz in gta 4
so as you see it is completely like in
present life he is unchanged as all
other cars in gta 4
as you can see they are changed for example this is how
I know Toyota but it is made here under
here gives another car completely
realistic view of the car and in the cabin he
looks more realistic with good
graphics and so on so
the case of course will be in the description under
video you can download and put
This bike is very easy to install.
takes a lot of time there just need
press the set button and that's it
will literally take you two minutes of yours
time so and thus already arrived at
hell tiles this hellish swing who
I do not know this pack with a swing which
allows
kick the car out or take you so far that
you yourself do not even guess yes
look already started so
repeat growth now was somehow
dumb as you can see the salon is gorgeous
divine machine
see as real with gta 4 where
more improved dents and graphics
cars
fight when i flew up weird but now i'm
I think will start about her
do not take off so you don't know swing
Do not give it to her and I will not like her hand so much
she won't start okay gotta get it
how would another car so i see more
white helix not gelica here gelika
different colors so long as the police do not have
around you can tear off the car so me
it seems I will have problems now
problems or not bad guy brazenly
so repeat to buy a car right away
let's go rocker so let's
let's try to make it pass
perhaps here
not working now
Now it will begin so they already for bugley
I am writing this
Well, something they do not want and I told her and I flew
What a twist
it is good that I have not died yet and money in
bad condition so now we still
probably Gelik with the third on the way
okay optional shore so i see
I'm already being driven by my dad I don't know
why can someone hooked
I'll probably run away again though
peppa i have little it will be romantic
okay though I finally receive medical treatment there is no
swings i just hate everyone bye
put your finger up subscribe and
all enjoy the game